BXMSDOC-6778 DMN runtime listener property detailing configuration (#2978)
kiegroup/kie-docs: doc-content/drools-docs/src/main/asciidoc/DMN/dmn-properties-ref.adoc

----
-Dorg.kie.dmn.profiles.signavio=org.kie.dmn.signavio.KieDMNSignavioProfile
----
--

org.kie.dmn.runtime.listeners.$LISTENER_NAME::
When valorized with a Java fully qualified name, this property loads and registers a DMN Runtime Listener onto the {DECISION_ENGINE} at start time.
You can use this property to register a DMN listener in order to be notified of several events during DMN model evaluations.
+
--

> To configure this property when deploying your project on {KIE_SERVER}, modify this property in the `kmodule.xml` file of your project. This approach is helpful when the listener is specific to your project and when the configuration must be applied in {KIE_SERVER} only to your deployed project.

Reviewer: I feel that the word "helpful" should be replaced with a stronger expression, .e.g  "applicable" , since it is actually the only verified way to declare DMN Event Listeners in a project deployed in KIE Server.

Reviewer 2: @erouvas Good point, fixed. Changed both instances to "Use this approach when ..." to be more direct and instructive. Good with you?

Reviewer: @sterobin perfect, thanks for time spent.

Reviewer 2: My pleasure @erouvas.

  </configuration>
</kmodule>
----

> To configure this property globally for your {PRODUCT} environment, modify this property using a command terminal or any other global application configuration mechanism. This approach is helpful when the {DECISION_ENGINE} is embedded as part of your Java application.

Author: "command terminal": maybe better `CLI` or extended `command line` as was originally?

```suggestion
To configure this property globally for your {PRODUCT} environment, modify this property using a CLI or any other global application configuration mechanism. This approach is helpful when the {DECISION_ENGINE} is embedded as part of your Java application.
```

Reviewer 2: @tarilabs Right, the phrase "command terminal" is the standard way we refer to the command line throughout official docs. So I'm using that for consistency and to comply with enterprise doc standards. It's somewhat out of my hands in this case.

Author: Thanks for the clarification @sterobin , cool with me 👍

> To configure this property globally for your {PRODUCT} environment, modify this property using a command terminal or any other global application configuration mechanism. This approach is helpful when the {DECISION_ENGINE} is embedded as part of your Java application.

Reviewer: I feel that the word "helpful" should be replaced with a stronger expression, .e.g  "applicable" , since it is actually the only verified way to declare DMN Event Listeners in a project embedded in a Java application.

Author: As we discussed on call, the `kmodule.xml` IS ALSO verified way when as an embedded application.
Demonstrator: https://github.com/kiegroup/drools/blob/9fad66b15d8e48aa9a58a22a8e0617a83ffe9aa1/kie-dmn/kie-dmn-core/src/test/java/org/kie/dmn/core/classloader/DMNRuntimeListenerTest.java#L109
